Added required dependencies (#675)
risc0/risc0: README.md

cargo install cargo-risczero
```

> For the above commands to build succesfully you will need to have installed the required dependencies. On a Linux system you can install them with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the above commands to build successfully you will need to have installed the required dependencies. On a Ubuntu system you can install them with:
```
